This page is an archive of previous OpenRISC meeting and conference events wiki content.

For the latest information see the [[OpenRISC_Project_Meeting|main page]].

== ORCONF 2014 ==

[[File:Orconf2014-resized.png|center|500px]]

See [http://openrisc.io/orconf/2014/ the official conference page for all details of the conference].

The third annual project meeting will be held in '''Munich, Germany''' over the weekend of '''Saturday, October 11''' and '''Sunday, October 12''' 2014.

[[File:Munich-skyline.jpg|right|350px]]

More information on this event will be made available here and on the [[OR1K:Community_Portal#Mailing_lists|OpenRISC mailing lists]] over the next couple of months.

=== Presentation Proposals ===

We are now accepting presentation proposals.

We'd welcome presentations from anyone who is involved in the open source hardware design sphere. The OpenRISC project's concerns are many and varied, from '''computer architecture''' and '''RTL implementations''', to open source '''EDA tools''' and '''flows''', to '''tool chains''', '''debuggers''' and '''software''' from '''bare metal RTOS''' to '''Linux''' user space, so we'd like to reflect this in the presentations. Your project, of course, need not be related to OpenRISC, specifically.

Presentation formats are flexible, let us know what you'd prefer and we'll be sure to accommodate you.

Please send proposals to either:
# [mailto:openrisc@lists.openrisc.net;openrisc@lists.opencores.org?Subject=ORCONF2014%20Presentation%20Proposal OpenRISC mailinglist(s)]
# [mailto:julius@orconf.org;olof@orconf.org?Subject=ORCONF2014%20Presentation%20Proposal the event organisers directly]. 

For questions and comments, contact us the emails above or via the [[OR1K:Community_Portal#IRC|IRC channel, #openrisc on irc.freenode.net]].

=== Conference Format ===

The conference will likely run from about midday on Saturday to early afternoon on Sunday. This will allow people to travel Saturday morning and Sunday afternoon.

The conference will primarily consist of presentations, with perhaps a workshop allowing people to get their hands dirty with OpenRISC. We're also open to [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birds_of_a_feather_(computing) BoF] sessions.
== ORCONF 2013 ==

The second annual OpenRISC project conference - ORCONF 2013. 

See the [[OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Schedule|schedule section]] for details of the weekend.

=== Registration ===

Registration is free and allows us to know who will be attending for scheduling and catering purposes.

'''Registration for the event is now open via Eventbrite:''' [http://orconf2013.eventbrite.co.uk/ Click here to register for ORCONF]

Please let us know any timing constraints on your attendance when registering. (<tt>set_multicycle_path -start 1hr -from {i:you} -to {i:orconf}</tt>)

=== Audience ===

This meeting will be accessible for anyone with a background in embedded systems at any level, whether acquainted with the project or not.

=== Date & Time ===

The event will run from 2pm on '''Saturday, October 5''' to early afternoon on '''Sunday, October 6'''.

Lunch will be available from 12:30 on Saturday. The sessions will run until the evening, and be followed by dinner in a local pub. Sessions will resume Sunday morning and conclude after lunch in the early afternoon.

This arrangement should allow people to travel on Saturday morning and return home Sunday evening.

=== Venue ===

[[File:University_of_Cambridge_Computer_Laboratory.jpg|right|400px]]

This year's conference will be held at the [http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/ University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory] in '''Cambridge, England'''. A ''big'' thank you to David Greaves and the Computer Labs for hosting us.

The address is:

'''Room FW11''', Cambridge University Computer Laboratory,
15 JJ Thomson Avenue,
CB3 0FD Cambridge,
United Kingdom 

==== Accommodation ====

Some recommendations for places to stay are:

* [http://www.travelodge.co.uk/hotels/577/Cambridge-Newmarket-Road-hotel Travelodge Newmarket Road] - they are quoting 50GBP for Friday night and 86GBP for Saturday night. It is close enough to town to walk, but is a 45-minute walk to the conference venue. Taxis between the train station and conference venue would be the best bet (if several are staying here they could be shared).
* [http://www.kayak.co.uk/#/hotels/Arundel-House-Hotel,Cambridge,CAM,United-Kingdom-c17146-h80251/2013-10-04/2013-10-06 Arundel House] - this is a well located hotel, and are quoting 77GBP per night when booked on Kayak.co.uk. The conference venue is a 25-minute walk from here.

==== Travel ====

Cambridge is well connected in the UK by train, and internationally via all of London's airports. However, '''London Stansted''' airport is the closest, and is only a 30-minute train ride from the center of Cambridge.

The Cambridge University Computer Laboratory website has a good section on[http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/directions/ how to get there].

=== Cost ===

It is expected the conference will be free to attend, thanks to our wonderful [[#Sponsors|sponsors]].

=== Schedule ===


A playlist with all videos from ORCONF 2013 can be found on [http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOGTP9W1DX5VpHSd9F9kVQl5hsDVA45I9 YouTube]

Saturday:
{| width="100%" class="wikitable"
|-
! Time !! Presentation !! Video !! Slides, etc.
|-
| 1:45pm ||  A SystemC model of a multicore OpenRISC with power annotation (David Greaves). || [http://youtu.be/uW9tAiL_oSc Video] || 
|-
| 2:30pm || [http://optimsoc.org OpTiMSoC] - an OpenRISC-based Manycore System-on-Chip (Stefan Wallentowitz). || [http://youtu.be/gEfEFahvAQ Video] || 
|-
| 3:15pm || [http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/research/security/ctsrd/beri.html BERI]: A Bluespec Extensible RISC Implementation. The development of a full-featured 64-bit MIPS processor for hardware-software co-design targeting rapid and robust extensibility (Jon Woodruff). || [http://youtu.be/8_enfBQXuO0 Video] || 
|-
| 4:15pm ||  Hands off the cores! Hands-on with[https://github.com/openrisc/orpsoc ORPSoCv3] - A walkthrough to get started with using ORPSoCv3 (Olof Kindgren and others). || [http://youtu.be/W3-fUkrdR1M Video] || 
|-
| 5:00pm ||  [[ORCONF2013_Workshop_ORPSoC_On_DE0_Nano|ORPSoC on the DE0-nano]]. Based on the workshop first given at [chiphack.org ChipHack], but upgraded for ORPSoCv3. DE0-nano's will be provided, but feel free to bring your own (Julius Baxter to lead). ||  || 
|}

Sunday:
{| width="100%" class="wikitable"
|-
! Time !! Presentation !! Video !! Slides, etc.
|-
| 9:00am || [https://github.com/openrisc/mor1kx mor1kx] progress report and demo (Stefan Kristiansson and Julius Baxter). || [http://youtu.be/8CwbNGKrjl Video] || 
|-
| 9:45am ||  Defining a Domain Specific Language for the Configuration of SoPCs Based on the OpenRISC Platform (Martin Schulze). || [http://youtu.be/oLmDYf-S6pc Video]|| 
|-
| 10:15am ||  OpenRISC for space applications and EurySpace SoC (Guillaume Rembert) || [http://youtu.be/tsuB32vTj_o Video] || 
|-
| 10:30am ||  OpenOCD and GDB for OpenRISC (Franck Jullien)  || [http://youtu.be/zcDVcXE5-sE Video] || 
|-
| 10:45am ||  Modifying the OR1200 for ETH Z&uuml;rich (Davide Rossi) || [http://youtu.be/PJLZx3PnRvE Video] || 
|-
| 11:30am ||  OpenRISC 2000. A collaborative session to firm up the architecture specification (Jeremy Bennett to chair). || [http://youtu.be/1rQlAmlEwRg Video] || [http://opencores.org/or2k/OR2K_ORCONF2013_Discussion Notes]
|-
| 12:15pm ||  Update and discussion on the OpenRISC toolchain, including "do we need ABIv2" (Stefan Kristiansson to lead). || [http://youtu.be/o8DReLrNn_k Video] || 
|-
| 1:00pm ||  A Couple of Things at Lightning Speed (Julius Baxter) || [http://youtu.be/XWDJy_EPLgs Video] ||
|-
| 1:00pm ||  Verilator Update (Jeremy Bennett) || [http://youtu.be/yOk8DcK4-f0 Video] || 
|}

=== Sponsors ===

[[File:Embecosm_logo_new.png|link=http://www.embecosm.com|Embecosm]]

Embecosm is a UK based consultancy providing open source compiler development and silicon modeling. More information at[http://www.embecosm.com www.embecosm.com].

=== Contact ===

Please contact juliusbaxter@gmail.com or post to the [[OR1K:Community_Portal#Mailing_lists|OpenRISC mailing lists]] for further information or presentation proposals.

The organisers are also easily contactable via IRC in [[OR1K:Community_Portal#IRC|#openrisc on irc.freenode.net]]

== Talk and workshop abstracts ==

=== A SystemC model of a multicore OpenRISC with power annotation ===

David Greaves, Cambridge University Computer Laboratory

David has developed a SystemC model of a multicore OpenRISC design, which has been used for teaching at the University for some years. This model is unusual in having annotations for power usage, so it can give estimates of power consumption as well as system performance when run.

=== Defining a Domain Specific Language for the Configuration of SoPCs Based on the OpenRISC Platform ===

Martin Schulze

After some words about my motivation I will give a demo of the current state of the project, the eclipse editor and a simple solution to the question how to integrate into ORPSoCv2 (yes, it's v2 for now).

=== OpTiMSoC - an OpenRISC-based Manycore System-on-Chip ===

Stefan Wallentowitz, Technical University of Munich

=== ORPSoC on the DE0-nano ===

Julius Baxter

This is a workshop first given by Julius Baxter at[chiphack.org ChipHack], showing how to bring up ORPSoC on the DE0-nano. A number of DE0-nano's will be available, but feel free to bring your own.

Partipants are encouraged to [[ORCONF2013_Workshop_ORPSoC_On_DE0_Nano|read the workshop requirements]] and perform the tool installation prior to arriving ORCONF. Please contact Julius Baxter via IRC, the mailing lists or directly (see email below) if you experience problems with your preparation.

=== mor1kx progress report and demo ===

Stefan Kristiansson and Julius Baxter

=== Hands off the cores! Hands-on with ORPSoCv3 ===

Olof Kindgren and others

A walkthrough to get started with using ORPSoCv3. This will precede the workshop.

=== OpenRISC 2000 ===

Jeremy Bennett

This has been bouncing around for a couple of years, and it would be good to start to get some more concrete direction. Implementing OpenRISC (in silicon and in simulation) is a popular undergraduate project, and defining OR2K now might give a chance for someone to implement it during the coming academic year.

=== Update and discussion on the OpenRISC toolchain ===

Stefan Kristiansson

This year has been a lot quieter on the toolchain side than last year, but there are a couple of things of interest that could be discussed. At least one thing I have in mind is our ABI. There have been a couple of occurrences of projects that abuse the C standard for varargs, hurting us "small, different guys".

There are a couple of other things in our ABI that aren't all perfect, so maybe some venting of those issues and whether we need an "ABI v2.0" would be something we should consider.

=== Bug squashing session ===

We did this last year as the final session after lunch on Sunday. People joined in for as long as they could until their flights/trains left. It's a good chance to clear up Bugzilla once each year.

== April 14 2013, Teleconference ==

=== Audience ===

Everyone is welcome to participate or just listen in. It will be recorded and made available for listening after the event.

=== Date & Time ===

Sunday April 14, 2013, at 7PM BST (18:00 UTC).

=== Recording ===

The teleconference took place via a Google Hangout. A recording was made and is available [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqjyEe1fSNM here].

== October 13-14 2012, Stockholm ==

[[File:IMG 1009.JPG|800px|thumb|left|Participants at the OpenRISC conference Stockholm 2012]]

<br style="clear: both" />

Attendees in the photo from left to right:

:Johan Rilegård (ORSoC AB), Olof Kindgren (ORSoC AB), Stefan Kristiansson, Stephen Battazzo (ÅAC Microtec), Michael Gielda (Antmicro), Patrik Ekström (Real Time Embedded), Magnus Norgren (ÅAC Microtec), Yann Vernier (ORSoC AB), Piotr Skrzypek (Antmicro), Sven-Åke Andersson (Real Time Embedded), Franck Jullien, Michael Unnebäck (ORSoC AB), Julius Baxter, Peter Gielda (Antmicro), Jeremy Bennett (Embecosm), Magnus Mokvist (Real Time Embedded), Simon Cook (Embecosm).

More photos of the talks on [http://www.flickr.com/photos/embecosm/sets/72157631773557553/ Flickr].

=== Audience ===

It is intended that the meeting would be useful for both developers and users of the platform to attend.

=== Date & Time ===

The event will run over '''Saturday, October 13''' and '''Sunday, October 14'''.

The venue will be open from 11:00 on Saturday, with a light lunch available from 11:30 and presentations starting at 12:00.

=== Venue ===

Realtime Embedded, Sveavagen 64, Stockholm, Sweden

Further details can be found here: [http://www.rte.se/sv/kontakt http://www.rte.se/sv/kontakt]

Some drinks and snacks will be provided at the venue by the [[#Sponsors|sponsors]] on the day.

=== Schedule ===

It is planned that the event will be run over Saturday and Sunday, with the bulk of the presentations on the Saturday.

==== Saturday ====

The day will formally begin at about midday, with a light lunch being provided from 11:30AM to encourage people to come along a little early.

There will be a brief welcome and introduction of the sponsors before we begin presentations.

Below is the running order of the day, estimated durations and times sessions are expected to start. There is slack in the schedule to allow for questions following presentations, and breaks.

For those that like their nostalgia in large doses can find a YouTube playlist of all videos at http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOGTP9W1DX5VrmtFbeYczr28_k7fRBbhF

{| style="border-collapse: separate; border-spacing: 0; border-width: 1px; border-style: solid; border-color: #000; padding: 0"
|-
! style="width: 5%; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Time
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Length
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Presentation
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Who
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Slides, Videos
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 12:00
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Welcome, introduction
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| hosts, [[OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Sponsors|sponsors]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/pbZNxo6o4lY Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-02-introduction2.ogg Audio]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"|
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"|
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| All attendees introducing themselves
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/gLkYrH7n4L4 Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-01-introduction.ogg Audio]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 12:30
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 20 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#OpenRISC_development_boards_and_modules|OpenCores & OpenRISC boards]] 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Michael Unneback
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/pbZNxo6o4lY Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-03-devboards.ogg Audio]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 13:00
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#OpenRISC_for_Newbies|OpenRISC for newbies]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Sven-Åke Andersson
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/6iT_oR5wRSg Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-04-openriscfornewbies.ogg Audio] [https://www.dropbox.com/s/oqjdjrspkwnke7e/OpenRISC%20for%20Newbies.pdf Slides]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 13:40
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 40 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#eCos_for_OpenRISC|eCos for OpenRISC]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Michael Gielda, Piotr Skrzypek
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Video, Audio unfortunately unavailable [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/AM--openRISC--13.10.2012.pdf Slides]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 14:30
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 40 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#ORPSoCv3|ORPSoCv3]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[User:Olof|Olof Kindgren]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/vYJjIoV0G3U Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-05-orpsocv3.ogg Audio]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 15:20
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 40 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#mor1kx_core_presentation|The new mor1kx CPU core]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[User:Julius|Julius Baxter]],
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/Q0LHzMbkZDk Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-06-mor1kx-pt1.ogg Audio] [https://www.dropbox.com/s/vtwn4kx18kkexa8/presentation.pdf Slides]
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"|
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"|
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"|
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Stefan Kristiansson
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/tUWSPKTtCRg Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-07-mor1kx-pt2.ogg Audio]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 16:40
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 50 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#LLVM_for_OpenRISC|LLVM for OpenRISC]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Stefan Kristiansson, Simon Cook
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/KTz1OkPnewY Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-08-llvm.ogg Audio] [https://www.dropbox.com/s/p6y03eobyl12p85/llvm.pdf Slides (Stefan)] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-simon-llvmas.pdf Slides (Simon)]
|-
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"|
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"|
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| TechEdSat
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/MDxoD1eeRUw Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-09-techedsat.ogg Audio]
|-
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"|
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"|
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Parallella
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Jeremy Bennett
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/RAHDHrPozOU Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-10-parallella.ogg Audio]
|-

| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 18:00
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 90 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Open_source_processes_for_OpenRISC|Open source processes for OpenRISC]]<br>([[OpenRISC_Project_Meeting_Discussion|Discussion Notes]])
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Chair: [[User:Jeremybennett|Jeremy Bennett]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/2fnZhePF_vY Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-11-opensourceprocesses.ogg Audio]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 19:45
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Leave for dinner
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 
|}

==== Sunday ====

{| style="border-collapse: separate; border-spacing: 0; border-width: 1px; border-style: solid; border-color: #000; padding: 0"
|-
! style="width: 5%; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Time
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Length
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Presentation
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Who
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Slides, Videos
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 11:00
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 40 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Dynamic_linking_with_OpenRISC_Linux_toolchain|Dynamic linking with OpenRISC toolchain]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Stefan Kristiansson
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/j0fAyL4Xo2k Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-12-dynamiclinking.ogg Audio] [https://www.dropbox.com/s/lc1nkwzt3xe47u7/dynamic.pdf Slides]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 12:00
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 60 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#OR1K_architectural_revision_discussion|OR1K architectural revision discussion]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Chair: [[User:Julius|Julius Baxter]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/34qCF8zssDw Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-13-or1karchitecture.ogg Audio]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 13:30
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#OR2K_architectural_discussion|OR2K discussion]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Chair: [[User:Julius|Julius Baxter]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [http://youtu.be/gMobPnpbHpw Video] [https://dl.dropbox.com/u/4774576/openrisc/orconf2012-14-or2k.ogg Audio]
|-
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 14:00
| style="text-align: center; border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Bug_squashing_session|Bug squashing session]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Everyone
|}

=== Register Intent ===

Please fill in the details on the following link to indicate whether you're likely to come along.

[https://docs.google.com/a/orsoc.se/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dC1rQW45emhGZHY0NU1YME9oMVhEcWc6MQ Please register intent to attend here.]

=== Presentation Proposals ===

No more long presentations can be fit in for the day, however '''if you'd like to do a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_talk lightning talk] we'd really like that''' and we'll find a way to fit you in, so please submit your topic as per below! (Or just come along on the day and we'll see what we can do.)

Please submit presentation proposals on the discussion page for this wiki article.

[[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting|Submit presentation proposals here]].

Alternatively please post them to the [[OR1K:Community_Portal#Mailing_lists|OpenRISC mailing lists]].

=== Sponsors ===

[[File:Rtelogo.png|link=http://www.rte.se|Realtime Embedded]]

[http://www.rte.se Realtime Embedded] are the primary sponsor of the event, kindly providing a venue and refreshments.


[[File:orsoclogo.jpg|link=http://www.orsoc.se|ORSoC]]

[http://www.orsoc.se ORSoC] are the owners and operators of OpenCores and are kindly providing lunch for the event.

=== Contact ===

Please contact juliusbaxter@gmail.com or post to the [[OR1K:Community_Portal#Mailing_lists|OpenRISC mailing lists]] for further information or presentation proposals. 

[http://freenode.net/using_the_network.shtml IRC] is also a good way to get in touch, try in '''#opencores''' or '''#openrisc''' on '''irc.freenode.net'''
